Every day since we got
here has been a struggle.
And we've certainly faced
our share of hardships.
But we've also had our
share of blessings.
I've found a new
purpose down here.
an amazing woman. Paara.
Now I'm terrified I'm not
gonna find my way back to her.
Lucas. I'm pregnant.
I lost the best
thing in my life.
Since then. I guess I've
just given up on everyone.
We were attacked by a raptor.
I have to go.
I can't lose her too!
You think the Aurora
sent him to '65?
Yeah.
I'm taking back what's mine.
Maya Schmidt is the head
of the Reisander Group.
The air force contracted
her to create fighter planes
with time-travel capability.
That microchip contains all
the code to make it possible.
Get this to the lab immediately.
We have to stop her.
We have to get to that base.
The location's just ahead.
It's where they're holding Eve.
A detention center is
supposed to be here.
I see Aurora to '65.
Maya has a full
operation in 1965.
That's where you'll find Eve.
And Josh and Riley.
Then that's where
we've gotta go.
I'm not gonna stop until
I get my family back.
I'll never get
tired of this view.
Do you remember the first
time you showed it to me?
Yeah. of course I
do. second date.
Third date.
Second date was food poisoning.
Right.
And the third date. we...
we tied our picture on
a branch of that tree and
said we were gonna come back
on our first anniversary to
see if it was still there.
- And it was.
- Right.
Do you think the last one
we put up is still there?
I can check.
- Same spot. right?
- Yep.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I don't see it.
Green ribbon.
I mean. I'm excited.
and I'm terrified.
Yeah.
But I think we're
ready for this.
- Both: Yeah.
- Yeah.
Okay. you have to
promise me something.
What's that?
Every time you get pregnant.
you have to tell me
in the exact same way.
in the exact same
spot. right here.
Every time I... how many kids
do you think we're gonna have?
- 10. 12.
- Oh. my God.
We have our work cut
out for us. don't we?
Yes. we do.
Dad. you okay?
Yeah. just. um.
thinking about your mom.
Well. we're one step
closer to finding Eve.
Okay.
Probably 18-year-old. dark hair.
So assuming we
don't get arrested
for grand theft auto.
what's the plan?
We're headed to an
industrial park in Pasadena.
It's one of Reisander's
bases of operation.
It's got their long-term
detention center.
That's where Eve is.
That's right.
But they also have a building
filled with computer servers.
Why do you care about that?
Because that's where
all their research
about the microchip is stored.
We have to destroy it.
With what?
With an electromagnetic
pulse explosive.
This is a stripped-down
EMP.
We're gonna attach it to
their power transformer
and fry everything they got.
Okay. Piece of cake. right?
Yes.
Hey.
I called the local hospitals.
looking for a 19-year-old Jane
Doe with abdominal trauma.
I think I found Riley at Cedars.
- Well. that's great news.
- Yeah. Josh could be with her.
- We have to go get them.
- No. wait.
We have to divide and conquer.
You've seen it yourselves.
These Auroras. they can wink
out in a moment's notice.
The one we came through
will only last three.
four hours max.
Take the Cadillac.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- We'll get another car.
- Thank you.
Good luck.
I know it's a long
shot. but hopefully.
they get back here
soon with Eve.
But that blue Aurora
could take you home.
back to 2021. right now.
Maybe you all should go
while you have the chance.
What do you think?
I don't see how we just
leave without everyone else.
We'll go to the Fort
and bring the rest
of your people here.
- Thank you.
- What about Petra?
I can't leave without
knowing she's safe.
Those guys got us here.
- Maybe they know more.
- Come with me.
Hey. Where's Petra?
Maya's daughter.
Tell us exactly where
she is at Ladera.
I know they use an access
card to get on the base.
Then let's see if
we can find it.
Yeah.
Scott.
This belonged to
someone from the Fort.
Hey.
This ring belongs to my wife.
Where did you get it?
Answer me. damn it!
- Talk!
- We were on patrol.
We found a group of villagers.
They were dead.
Dinosaur attack.
Where?
Five miles east. by
an abandoned village.
There was a formation
of boulders nearby.
Ty. all this means is that
we've got a lead. okay?
Let's just see where it goes.
Iz. Helena?
Dad.
What are you guys waiting for?
No. no. no.
Levi said Eve was here.
"Was" doesn't help us.
- What did they do with her?
- I might have an idea.
This is the prisoner manifest.
Says they're
transferring someone
to the Ladera Air
Base in 10.000 B.C.
- Well. I bet that's Eve.
- Why would Maya do that?
She knows we're coming
for that microchip.
A gun to Eve's head
might make us reconsider.
All right. it looks
like they just left.
Must be headed to the Aurora.
Maybe we can stop them.
I'll take care of the servers.
- You get your wife.
- Iz. let's go.
Riley.
This better be you and
not the morphine talking.
It's me.
Hi.
I'm just sorry it took
me so long to find you.
You're forgiven.
It's a bit of a trick
from 10.000 B.C. to '65.
Please tell me you found Josh.
He's not here.
but I found you.
Don't worry. We'll find him.
You've got a fever.
I take it they didn't
give you antibiotics.
It wasn't really a
thing in the '60s.
I'm gonna take a
look. Still tender?
Of course.
- Is it tender here?
- Ah. yeah.
How's your acid reflux?
Pretty bad.
What is it?
Tell me.
X-rays don't often catch it.
And the MRI hasn't
been invented yet.
but based on your symptoms.
you could have a torn diaphragm
from the dinosaur attack.
I could?
Which is why I'm gonna get
you to a modern hospital.
How?
There's an Aurora open to 2021.
We can go right now.
Dad. I'm having
trouble breathing.
Dad.
- Riley.
- I can't breathe.
Look. there's a rock formation.
This could be where
they found the ring.
Look. let's split up.
We'll cover more ground.
Ty? Ty. talk to me.
Paara helped me to rediscover
who I was meant to be.
Without her. I...
I feel I'd be lost
all over again.
I understand exactly
what you mean.
I know what you're
talking about. Scott.
- You do?
- Yeah.
When we met in 2021.
you told me about the
one that got away.
about the ring in your wallet.
Yeah.
Yeah. Emily.
And the old me was too
afraid of everything.
I let doubt creep in.
And because I wasn't brave. she
she drifted away.
Things don't slip away
unless we let them. okay?
If I've learned one
thing down here.
it's to keep on fighting.
And that's what we're gonna do.
Yeah.
Scott.
Oh. my God.
Oh. man.
Ty. hey.
Paara's not here.
Maybe she's hiding there.
That's the abandoned village
the soldiers mentioned.
Keep the Jeep nearby.
Scott. you're with me!
Dad. what are you
doing?
You need an
exploratory laparotomy.
Dad. this is crazy.
No. I've done it
dozens of times.
It's not gonna be common
practice for another 13 years.
- Where are the other surgeons?
- I locked the door.
No one else is coming in.
I'm the only one
who can help you.
Wait. Dad. Dad. Dad.
I have so many
things I want to say.
You have plenty of time.
Being separated from you gave
me a lot of time to think
about all the ways I failed you.
failed the family.
I put up a wall.
And I didn't know
how to take it down.
even when you were
trying to show me
what I was doing wrong.
But I know now that
you were right.
If I could just get
us all back together.
I'm not gonna waste
any more time.
I'm gonna be a different father.
and if your mother will let
me. a different husband.
But none of this works
if you're not there.
Riley. I'm doing this surgery.
I'm gonna save you. and
then we can go home.
you can tell me
anything you want.
You got it?
Okay. Dad.
Ready? Now!
Let's get the prisoner through.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Do not do that in
your driving test.
Let's get Mom.
- Josh?
- Dad.
Oh. I missed you so much.
I missed you.
Are you sure you're okay?
- They didn't hurt you?
- I'm okay. Promise.
Okay. how did you end up here?
So first thing. I took
Riley to the hospital.
One day. I just went
out for air. and.
and these guys came
out of nowhere.
They grabbed me. threw
me in a cell with Mom.
Well. what do they
want with you?
You. Dad. They wanna
find out about you.
Today. the guard said we
were being transferred.
And the second they
opened the cell door.
we fought like hell.
but one of them got
me with the syringe.
Okay. well. what
happened to Mom?
I don't know. Izzy.
I-I don't know what
happened to her.
Then she still has to be at
the site. with Aunt Helena.
Who?
We got a lot to
catch up on. okay?
We're gonna tell you everything.
but we gotta get back there.
Okay.
Let's see if this
thing still works.
All right. let's
get that spare on.
Yeah.
Dad. I'm gonna go
check on the Aurora.
make sure it's not
about to close.
Be careful.
Okay. great.
Okay. get the lug nuts on.
Hey. it's Sam.
Josh. Riley and I were worried.
Is she okay?
For now. She's in the back seat.
I had to perform an
emergency laparotomy.
She's still under.
Her wound's infected.
She needs modern antibiotics.
Then you gotta get her home.
Where's Eve? What's your plan?
Hey. well. we're working on it.
But look. you've gotta take care
of your own family now. okay?
You've done enough
for everyone else.
This is where we part ways. Sam.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
Come on.
We gotta get her
through that Aurora.
Hey. I'm not sure how
much a pistol will do
against a dinosaur.
It's something.
And you know how to use that?
Hey. don't worry.
When we go home.
this is staying here.
Wait.
I still want to go home.
I thought you were afraid
you were gonna go back
to being the guy
you were before.
Well. before all of this...
I was just an angry guy.
I was confused all the time.
I mean. I didn't trust anybody.
But then I found my best friend.
You know. I found the
woman that I love.
And I found myself.
I'm scared.
But honestly. I
think with your help.
I can be this guy.
you know. anywhere we go.
Yeah. I know you can.
Hey. What is it?
- I've been having cramps.
- Okay.
I'm starting to think
this was a mistake.
I should have gone
through that Aurora.
I feel like I've been so
focused on helping everyone
because I'm trying to
ignore how terrified I am
of raising this baby down here.
Hey. Veronica. this
baby. our baby...
Mm-hmm.
It's gonna be great
because of you.
You know that. right?
And in ten years. we're
gonna tell our kid
that their mom risked
a dinosaur attack
to help her friends. okay?
And they're gonna think
that's pretty rad.
Will they also make fun
of you for saying "rad"?
- Oh yeah. of course they will.
- Yeah.
We're gonna get you through
that Aurora as soon as we can.
Paara!
Paara?
It's not her.
Ty?
- Ty!
- Paara?
Ty.
Are you okay?
I can't get this off.
Come on. okay?
I'll try and find
something to help.
What happened?
I was on my way home. to you.
We were attacked by
a pack of dinosaurs.
It's okay. You're safe now.
I knew you'd come.
Oh. I am glad you had faith.
I almost didn't make it.
I was pulled back to my time.
You... what? Back home?
Paara. this is my home.
here. with you. forever.
Here.
One. two. three!
Okay. Hold it there.
Stay still.
According to "Jurassic Park."
these guys have terrible vision.
On second thought. run!
Come on! Get in!
Go. go. go!
Hey. I know it's
hard to see Riley go.
but you're gonna see
her again. I promise.
We've just gotta
get Mom back first.
Yeah.
Helena.
Thank God you're okay.
We have to get back to the site.
- Mom's still there.
- I know.
I saw Eve fighting two guards.
I helped her take 'em down.
And then I told her everything
we're doing to stop Maya.
Okay. so... so where is she now?
As we were headed
to the transformer.
more guards showed up.
They overwhelmed us.
I got pinned down.
So Eve took the EMP. said
she'd finish the job.
So you just left her there?
She told me we needed
to end this for good.
that we had to get
that microchip.
She swore she'd find a way
to make it to that Aurora
and make it home.
So what do we do?
We listen your mom.
We go to 10.000
B.C.. and we end it.
Let's go.
Is it my turn?
This is the best thing for.
for the baby.
And you're sure you can't come?
Gavin and others. you know.
we owe them our lives.
So I just... I just need
to help them one more time.
Who knows how long that
Aurora's gonna stay open?
- What if you don't make it th...
- No. no. no. I will. okay?
I swear on everything
that I love.
I will make it.
Okay?
Hey. wait. Hey. hey.
I love you.
Lucas. thanks for staying.
Yeah.
Now we just need to figure out
a way to get onto that base.
May have forgot to mention
that there is a giant
T. Rex out there.
still trying to kill us.
Maybe we can use that
to our advantage.
Go. go. go!
Go faster.
Whoa!
Shoot it!
Aah!
There's still a
window. Let's move. Go!
I don't care what
my mother wants!
- Stop. let me go!
- Hey!
I wanna leave! Let
me go!
- Put me down!
- It's Petra.
- I have to get her.
- You're not going alone.
Then let's go.
There it is.
This is it.
We helped Petra escape.
Looks like you found the chip.
Well. great. what the hell
are we still doing here?
We need to get out of here
before that Aurora closes.
Stay where you are.
Bring me the chip. Now.
We're driving the soldiers back.
It's going to be okay.
Thank you.
Iz. hey. you good?
Aah!
What was that?
That's where the Aurora was.
I think it just closed.
Dad. how are we gonna
get back to Mom?
It can't end like this.
It won't.
I have an idea. Let's go.
That's our time machine.
So you can fly
this thing. right?
Of course he can.
He piloted this kind of
plane in the program.
Only room for two
in the cockpit.
but the rest of you will
fit in the cargo hold.
I'm okay with that.
Well. it appears our
journey has come to an end.
Hey.
- You take care.
- Yeah.
You. uh... you really
should all get going.
- You're not going anywhere.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Stay right there.
Give me the chip. Gavin.
The chip. Gavin. now.
Okay. you want the
chip? Hey. look at me.
Look at me. You want the chip?
I'll give it to you.
Don't do it. Dad.
Gavin.
Abort. Gavin. abort.
Hey. we can do it.
Now!
Yeah!
- We did it.
- Never a doubt.
Goodbye. 10.000 B.C.
You ready?
Let's do this.
Hello. 2021.
Good to be back.
Hey.
Still a hell of a pilot.
Well. yeah.
Listen. I really
hope you find Eve.
make your family whole again.
Hey. hold up.
Everybody's. uh.
planning their next move.
What's yours?
Well. maybe head back to
that diner I found you in.
get myself a beer.
I got a better one.
Why don't you come over
for a family dinner?
We got a lot to catch up on.
I wouldn't miss it.
Yeah. come here.
- See you later.
- Yeah.
Now that we're back.
where do we look for Mom?
We should probably go by
the house first. right?
What is it?
Dad. I-I need to make
a stop on the way.
- Hi.
- Hey.
I was worried you weren't
gonna make it back.
I was pretty worried
about you too.
What are you thinking? Why
are you smiling like that?
It's just... it's something
I've been wanting to tell you
for a while. that maybe
I've been afraid to.
Well. now you have to tell me.
Okay.
You... you know that... that...
that day of the sinkhole.
when we were in traffic?
We saw each other.
I knew right then I
was gonna love you.
When you saw me.
what'd you think?
Um. meh.
I kind of changed
my mind. though.
♪ Oh. hot sand on toes ♪
♪ Cold sand in sleeping bags ♪
Ah. there it is.
♪ Best things you ever had ♪
♪ The summer shone.
beat down... ♪
What's that? That's
the heartbeat?
Mm-hmm.
Is it healthy?
Couldn't be stronger.
Everything kosher?
Yes. Scott.
But what part of "stay
in the waiting room"
- did you not understand?
- Sorry. I'm really sorry.
I just... Uncle Scott
needs to take Petra
to her grandparents. and then
I've got a little something
of my own to take care of.
But I'll see you this
weekend for brunch
and probably every weekend
because. uh. what
happens in 10.000 B.C.
doesn't stay in 10.000 B.C.
We're family.
but you need to go
before I kick your ass.
I love you too. man.
Jackass.
So cool.
♪ As the old pine
fell. we sang ♪
♪ Just to bless the morning ♪
- Emily.
- Scott?
Hey.
How... how are you alive?
I thought you fell
in that sinkhole.
I did. and it completely
changed my life.
- I need this to function.
- Come on. man.
You don't need that.
I gave up weed.
I saved my friends' lives
I don't know how many times.
I am the man you've
always deserved.
I'm here now because I'm hoping
that you'll give
me a second chance.
♪ Steady as the
stars in the woods ♪
♪ So happy-hearted ♪
♪ And the warmth rang
true inside these bones ♪
♪ We stood steady as
the stars in the woods ♪
♪ So happy-hearted ♪
♪ And the warmth rang
true inside these bones ♪
Sam!
You made it.
I'm so glad Riley
pulled through.
I gotta say. thank you
for your part in that.
Sam. I only did what you did
for my family a
dozen times over.
I guess that makes
us friends for life.
I mean it. I don't care
where either of us goes.
You need me for anything.
I'm there no matter what.
Yeah. same here.
- What about Eve?
- We're working on it.
I called around to
all the neighbors.
No one's seen Mom at home.
- Where could she be?
- I-I
you know. there is one place.
- Dad. where's Mom?
- She'll be here.
Are you sure she's
going to come here?
This is our place. okay?
We... we always said if we
couldn't find each other.
if there was ever an emergency.
this is where we'd meet.
Give it time. She'll come.
Hey.
How do you feel?
Like I've just got my life back.
Dad. it's been hours.
What if. when
everything happened. she
she... she didn't make it?
I promise. she'll be here.
I'm not leaving
without your mom.
Do you hear that?
Mom!
- Oh. God.
- Hi.
Hi.
- Hey.
Where were you?
I got stuck in
traffic on La Brea.
All this time. I...
I didn't know if I was ever
gonna get back to you guys.
And there was so much
I wanted to say to you.
So in case I ever saw you
again. I wrote it down.
Come on. Come here.
- You put that here?
- Yeah.
When I was in '65.
I would come here
anytime I could.
It was the only place that
made me feel close to you guys.
I wrote you letters.
Mom. this is amazing.
So what do we do now?
We go home.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org